PAUL LEWIS: So it's an
interesting one, this,
because I've had a
good day and a bad day.
I think that's normal, isn't it?
You have some little
victories, and then you
spend a lot of your time
wrestling with something.
But yeah, one of the things
I've been trying to do
is get-- I mentioned
it in the last entry
that I wanted to get Lighthouse
running because I want
to be able to check that
I've got a progressive web
app and everything's in place.
And I know that it works.
But the problem was I
wanted to push to Travis.
And every time I pushed
to Travis to do the thing.
But it turns out
debugging Travis locally,
because you want to test it
locally, it's pretty tricky.
And there is a thing you can
get, like a Docker image.
But I just couldn't
get it to work.
It kept timing out.
I did a bit of research.
And it seems that there's
some built-in thing, some kind
of timeout, within Docker.
And it couldn't get
the image fast enough.
And so it was just failing.
And so I ended up having to
kind of step-by-step on my mark
repeat the steps.
And eventually, I
kind of got there.
Let me just switch across.
And you can actually see.
Basically, most of it was
actually OK, as it turns out.
Most of this actually came
from the Lighthouse Travis
YAML, which I just updated.
The thing is, it's
this little bit here
where it actually downloads
a version of Chrome
because what you
want to do is you
run Chrome against a
virtual display, which
is what these two lines do.
But the download Chrome
script, in order to get at it,
you have to NPM explore
with the Global Switch
and go to the Lighthouse module.
And then within there,
you can basically
tell that to download Chrome.
And the thing is, it looks for
this Lighthouse Chromium path
variable, which it
then seems to ignore.
It's strange because
the download Chrome
script will fail if
the Lighthouse Chromium
path isn't set.
But the Lighthouse
Chromium path is
set to our path prior to here.
So I enter this line where
I move from slash Lighthouse
[? Chrome ?] Linux, which
is where it puts it,
to the current folder.
And then I can actually
run it and just check
its version or something.
And then after that,
it started working.
So that was a bit of a fight
that I didn't expect to have.
And it wasn't-- I found that
there's just no easy way
to debug my Travis
scripts because as I said,
I couldn't get this Docker
image stuff to work.
So it was a bit messy.
And I spent a bit
of time doing that.
But on the upside, I
wanted to quickly show you
around the design.
So good news is,
because I'm designing
this, the designer and the
developer get on famously.
The designer is, I guess,
quite understanding
of the developer's need to
change things on the way
through the process.
And the developer,
well, it's almost
like they've fully understand
what the designer was
trying to achieve.
It is kind of nice
when you do both parts
of a project like this,
because as I say, get the push
and pull.
And it doesn't matter
if I think, ah, actually
I won't do it that way.
I'll do it this other way.
It's fine.
Right?
Anyway, so the mocks.
I've got some mocks.
So I did this in wireframes.
And I did some mocks and all
sorts of stuff like that.
Let me show you the home page.
I'll pop that onto Chrome there.
So this is what it looks like.
Now, actually, if we
do chrome dev summit.
I built this.
And I wanted to
take this idea on.
I liked this slightly angular
looking patterns and shapes.
But I felt unbalanced when I
looked back at this that it
was-- the colors, I took the
colors from the Chrome logo
a little bit too literally.
And so I felt like,
you know what?
Actually, I'm going to
subdue it a little bit,
make it a little
bit more contrasty.
And I've done this.
I'm told by one of my
colleagues that this
is called a hypergradient.
I don't know.
Basically, all it
is is I desaturate
the image, boom,
put the contrast,
and then pop a gradient over the
top with a hard light transfer
mode.
And you get this kind of look.
Now, I could probably build
this with CSS blend modes.
But they're not well
enough supported.
So I am almost certainly going
to do these as actual images
like this.
Anyway, so that's the home page.
It's fairly simple with
a link to the code LOBs,
a link to the
schedule, and a link
to the location, which is the
SFJAZZ Center in San Francisco.
Bottom, privacy terms and
the code of conduct as well.
So that's fine.
It gets a little bit more
interesting over, I think,
in the schedule.
Similar kind of header,
masthead header.
And then down here, I've
got the session information.
And to be super clear,
the session information
is placeholder, hence, the
lorem ipsum text there.
This is actually the
content from two years ago.
I just copy-pasted the content
and the times and everything
else.
So this isn't me
telling you what's
going to be at the Chrome Dev
Summit because I have no idea.
But I wanted something
that was a little bit more
realistic rather than total
lorem ipsum everywhere.
Same kind of masthead.
And what I'm doing
is I'm going to do
a static build from section
to section to section.
And then I'm going to
progressively enhance
to something that uses
JavaScript to swap out
these sections.
And I'm still debating in my own
mind how I'm going to do that.
I feel like maybe I'm
going to do something
where things shift up and down,
as in the image fades out.
And there's this yellow
strip at the back here.
I'm thinking that
might move up and down
because when you look at,
for example, the live page,
you can see.
There's the video player here
with the session going on.
And then this is that
little yellow strip.
But it's slid down and made
way for what's live now,
which is apparently Jake
arguing over minutia.
He does that so well.
And up next is Alex Russell.
And you can see them.
We've got them coming up later.
This is what I'm hoping
for that live section
when the conference
is actually live
that we give you what you
need, which is give me
the actual content, and
give me what's live,
what's coming up next,
and then what's in line
for the rest of the day.
I don't know if I'm going to
get to doing notifications.
I've put it there in
case I want to do them
and I get a chance to do them.
But time may be against me.
Right, that's probably
enough for right now.
It's exciting.
It's good.
I have done a little
bit of coding today.
But I'm going to
save that probably
for the next entry
where I can talk
about it in a bit more detail.
So don't forget.
You can subscribe.
And thanks for coming
along on the journey.
[MUSIC PLAYING]